Am I at risk for health problems during travel?
Some people are more likely to have health problems when traveling outside the United States.
Visit your doctor before planning a trip to another country, especially if you:
How Is Coronary Microvascular Disease Treated?
If you're diagnosed with coronary MVD and also have anemia, you may benefit from treatment for that condition.
Anemia is thought to slow the growth of cells needed to repair damaged blood vessels.
What causes autoimmune hepatitis?
A combination of autoimmunity, environmental triggers, and a genetic predisposition can lead to autoimmune hepatitis.
What research is being done for Spinal Cord Injury?
The National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke NINDS conducts spinal cord research in its laboratories at the National Institutes of Health NIH and also supports additional research through grants to major research institutions across the country.
Advances in research are giving doctors and patients hope that repairing injured spinal cords is a reachable goal.
Advances in basic research are also being matched by progress in clinical research, especially in understanding the kinds of physical rehabilitation that work best to restore function.
Some of the more promising rehabilitation techniques are helping spinal cord injury patients become more mobile.
What is Osteogenesis imperfecta OI?
Osteogenesis imperfecta OI is a rare genetic disorder that, like juvenile osteoporosis, is characterized by bones that break easily, often from little or no apparent cause.
Is there any treatment for Shaken Baby Syndrome?
Emergency treatment for a baby who has been shaken usually includes life-sustaining measures such as respiratory support and surgery to stop internal bleeding and bleeding in the brain.
Doctors may use brain scans, such as MRI and CT, to make a more definite diagnosis.
What is the prognosis for Wernicke-Korsakoff Syndrome?
Most symptoms can be reversed if detected and treated promptly.
However, improvement in memory function is slow and, usually, incomplete.
Without treatment, these disorders can be disabling and life-threatening.
Who gets diverticular disease?
Many people get diverticular disease.
Starting at age 40, the chance of getting it increases about every 10 years.
About half of people between the ages of 60 and 80 have diverticular disease.
Almost everyone over 80 has it.
What is a stoma?
During ostomy surgery of the bowel, a surgeon creates a stoma by bringing the end of the intestine through an opening in the abdomen and attaching it to the skin to create an opening outside the body.
A stoma may be three-fourths of an inch to a little less than 2 inches wide.
The stoma is usually located in the lower part of the abdomen, just below the beltline.
However, sometimes the stoma is located in the upper abdomen.
The surgeon and a wound, ostomy, and continence WOC nurse or an enterostomal therapist will work together to select the best location for the stoma.
A removable external collection pouch, called an ostomy pouch or ostomy appliance, is attached to the stoma and worn outside the body to collect intestinal contents or stool.
Intestinal contents or stool passes through the stoma instead of passing through the anus.
The stoma has no muscle, so it cannot control the flow of stool, and the flow occurs whenever peristalsis occurs.
Ileostomy and colostomy are the two main types of ostomy surgery of the bowel during which a surgeon creates a stoma.
What is A chest x ray?
A chest x ray is a painless test that creates pictures of the structures in your chest, such as your heart and lungs.
What is Preventing osteoporosis?
Preventing osteoporosis is a lifelong endeavor.
What is Multiple sclerosis MS?
Multiple sclerosis MS is a neuroinflammatory disease that affects myelin , a substance that makes up the membrane called the myelin sheath that wraps around nerve fibers axons.
How do AVMs damage the brain and spinal cord?
Even in the absence of bleeding or significant oxygen depletion, large AVMs can damage the brain or spinal cord simply by their presence.
They can range in size from a fraction of an inch to more than 2.5 inches in diameter, depending on the number and size of the blood vessels making up the lesion.
The larger the lesion, the greater the amount of pressure it exerts on surrounding brain or spinal cord structures.
The largest lesions may compress several inches of the spinal cord or distort the shape of an entire hemisphere of the brain.
Such massive AVMs can constrict the flow of cerebrospinal fluid - a clear liquid that normally nourishes and protects the brain and spinal cord - by distorting or closing the passageways and open chambers ventricles inside the brain that allow this fluid to circulate freely.
As cerebrospinal fluid accumulates, hydrocephalus results.
This fluid buildup further increases the amount of pressure on fragile neurological structures, adding to the damage caused by the AVM itself.
How Is Fanconi Anemia Diagnosed?
People who have Fanconi anemia FA are born with the disorder.
They may or may not show signs or symptoms of it at birth.
For this reason, FA isn't always diagnosed when a person is born.
In fact, most people who have the disorder are diagnosed between the ages of 2 and 15 years.
Is there any treatment for Hydranencephaly?
There is no definitive treatment for hydranencephaly.
Treatment is symptomatic and supportive.
Hydrocephalus may be treated with a shunt a surgically implanted tube that diverts fluid from one pathway to another.
If there were another anthrax attack today, do you think the response would be different? How?
Greater familiarity with clinical and epidemiologic features of the disease old dogma would be ignored.
Situational awareness, coordination among agencies, incident command, emergency operations, risk communication capacities much improved.
Management of complexity of social media environment and timely provision and administration of medical countermeasures would be challenging.
What research is being done for Cerebral Aneurysms?
The National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke NINDS conducts research in its laboratories at the National Institutes of Health NIH and also supports additional research through grants to major medical institutions.
The NINDS supports a broad range of basic and clinical research on intracranial aneurysms and other vascular lesions of the nervous system.
The Familial Intracranial Aneurysm study seeks to identify possible genes that may increase the risk of development of aneurysms in blood vessels in the brain.
Other research projects include genome-wide studies to identify genes or DNA sequences that may indicate families harboring one type of aneurysm may be at increased risk of another type; studies of chromosomes to identify aneurysm-related genes; and additional research on microsurgical clipping and endovascular surgery to treat various types of ruptured and unruptured aneurysms.
Where Can People Find More Information About Heritable Disorders of Connective Tissue ?
People with heritable disorders of connective tissue can contact professional and support groups that can supply more detailed information than is found here.
Most of them also have Internet websites.
Some major groups are listed below.
